c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SecondDay\SecondDay\bin\Debug\SecondDay.exe.config
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SecondDay\SecondDay\bin\Debug\SecondDay.exe
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SecondDay\SecondDay\bin\Debug\SecondDay.pdb
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SecondDay\SecondDay\obj\Debug\SecondDay.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SecondDay\SecondDay\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SecondDay\SecondDay\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SecondDay\SecondDay\obj\Debug\SecondDay_MarkupCompile.cache
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SecondDay\SecondDay\obj\Debug\SecondDay_MarkupCompile.lref
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SecondDay\SecondDay\obj\Debug\App.baml
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SecondDay\SecondDay\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SecondDay\SecondDay\obj\Debug\SecondDay.g.resources
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SecondDay\SecondDay\obj\Debug\SecondDay.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SecondDay\SecondDay\obj\Debug\SecondDay.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SecondDay\SecondDay\obj\Debug\SecondDay.exe
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SecondDay\SecondDay\obj\Debug\SecondDay.pdb
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SecondDay\SecondDay\obj\Debug\Windows\AddOrderWindow.g.cs
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SecondDay\SecondDay\obj\Debug\Windows\AddOrderWindow.baml
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SecondDay\SecondDay\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SecondDay\SecondDay\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SecondDay\SecondDay\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SecondDay\SecondDay\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SecondDay\SecondDay\obj\Debug\SecondDay_Content.g.cs
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SecondDay\SecondDay\obj\Debug\Windows\AddNewCostumersWindow.g.cs
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SecondDay\SecondDay\obj\Debug\Windows\AddNewCostumersWindow.baml
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SecondDay\SecondDay\obj\Debug\Windows\JoinOrderAndPartiesWindow.g.cs
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SecondDay\SecondDay\obj\Debug\Windows\JoinOrderAndPartiesWindow.baml
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SecondDay\SecondDay\obj\Debug\Windows\AddRouteWindow.g.cs
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SecondDay\SecondDay\obj\Debug\Windows\AddRouteWindow.baml
C:\Users\user\Documents\GitHub\Daily-Tasks-Second-Day\SecondDay\SecondDay\bin\Debug\SecondDay.exe.config
C:\Users\user\Documents\GitHub\Daily-Tasks-Second-Day\SecondDay\SecondDay\obj\Debug\SecondDay.exe
C:\Users\user\Documents\GitHub\Daily-Tasks-Second-Day\SecondDay\SecondDay\obj\Debug\SecondDay.pdb
